The vertical list with dividers adds spacing and a line border between list items. There are a handful of variations to choose from that will give different outcomes such as top, bottom and around dividers. This is achieved by adding the class `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--top`, `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--bottom` or `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--around` to an element. Additionally, spacing can be applied to the list items by adding the class `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--top-space` or `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--bottom-space` to an element. If the divider with spacing classes are used, note that on a smaller device, the spacing is slightly increased to accommodate for touch devices.

The vertical list with dividers accepts other helpful utilities that can alter the look of the list items. If you have anchor links in your list items, adding the class `.{{cssPrefix}}has-block-links` or `.{{cssPrefix}}has-inline-block-links` to an element will set a display block or inline-block to the anchor links. If you have anchor links within your vertical list and want spacing on the links, using `.{{cssPrefix}}has-block-links-space` will reset the spacing on the list item and re-apply that padding to the anchor link.

By default, the list items in the vertical list have no interaction states, such as hover or selected. Adding `.{{cssPrefix}}has-list-interactions` to the `<ul>` will output hover styles and target specific classes that should be adding by JavaScript. Using JavaScript, on selection of a list item, toggling `.{{cssPrefix}}is-selected` to the `<li>` will output styles informing the user that the list item is selected.
