The horizontal list with dividers adds spacing and a dot separator between list items in a horizontal list. There are a handful of variations to choose from that will give different outcomes such as left or right dot separator. This is achieved by adding the class `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--left` or `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--right` to `<ul class={{cssPrefix}}list--horizontal>`. Additionally, spacing can be applied to the list items by adding the class `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--left-space` or `.{{cssPrefix}}has-dividers--right-space` to `<ul class={{cssPrefix}}list--horizontal>`.

The horizontal list with dividers accepts other helpful utilities that can alter the look of the list items. If you have anchor links in your list items, adding the class `.{{cssPrefix}}has-inline-block-links` to the `<ul>` will set inline-block to the anchor links. Because we are dealing with a horizontal list, by default, the anchor links have an inline display. We want to stick with only using the default inline display or `.{{cssPrefix}}has-inline-block-links`, refrain from using `.{{cssPrefix}}has-block-links` on a horizontal list with dividers. This is due to the dot separators being generated as a psuedo element and having a block level display on the anchor links will introduce visual bugs. If you have anchor links within your horizontal list with dividers and want spacing on the links, using `.{{cssPrefix}}has-inline-block-links-space` will reset the spacing on the list item and re-apply that padding to the anchor link.

The dot separators on the list items in a horizontal list with dividers don’t appear before the first item or after the last item.
